Add alt text for episodes 3-7 (#38)
datacarpentry/astronomy-python: _episodes/07-plot.md

~~~
{: .output}
    

> ![On sky coordinates of our selected stars after filtering on proper motion and photometry.](../fig/07-plot_files/07-plot_13_0.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Phi1 and phi2 of selected stars in GD-1 frame after selecting for both proper motion and photometry showing that with this selection the GD-1 stream is now clearly visible.](../fig/07-plot_files/07-plot_13_0.png)
```

~~~
{: .output}
   

> ![Proper motion with overlaid polygon showing our selected stars.](../fig/07-plot_files/07-plot_53_0.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Proper motion in phi1 and phi2 overlaid with orange filled polygon showing stars selected to be in GD-1 based on overdensity of non-zero phi1 proper motion.](../fig/07-plot_files/07-plot_53_0.png)
```

~~~
{: .output}
    

> ![Color magnitude diagram of the stars we've selected by proper motion.](../fig/07-plot_files/07-plot_63_0.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Color-magnitude diagram for the stars selected based on proper motion, from Price-Whelan and Bonaca (2018) paper showing that the main sequence of GD-1 is visible as an overdensity in the lower left of the figure.](../fig/07-plot_files/07-plot_63_0.png)
```

~~~
{: .output}
   

> ![Four paneled plot showing our first recreation of figure 1 from the Price-Whelan and Bonaca paper.](../fig/07-plot_files/07-plot_69_0.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Four paneled plot showing our first recreation of figure 1 from the Price-Whelan and Bonaca (2018) paper with equal sized panels.](../fig/07-plot_files/07-plot_69_0.png)
```
